create extensibility options early (#60)
intarchboard/draft-protocol-maintenance: draft-iab-protocol-maintenance.md

principle is not a good strategy for extensibility. Using undocumented or
accidental features of a protocol as the basis of an extensibility mechanism can
be extremely difficult, as is demonstrated by the case study in {{Appendix A.3

> of EXT}}.  Protocols should be designed for extensibility up front to
> avoid shoehorning them in later (for example {{?EDNS0=RFC2671}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of EXT}}.  It is better and easier to design a protocol for extensibility
initially than to retrofit the capability (see also {{?EDNS0=RFC2671}}).
```
